README.md, before:

# ibsforts
Incremental Build Server for TypeScript with pluggable post-compile transforms.

## Overview
A single build server process can watch multiple TypeScript projects for changes and recompile
only the source files that change. The build server also allows users to provide their own
post-compile transform functions that are applied to the output from the TypeScript compiler
before it's written out to disk. For example, if your TypeScript project targets the NodeJS
runtime you could configure TypeScript to emit ES6 and then provide a transform function that
runs Babel to convert ES6 constructs that aren't yet supported by NodeJS to ES5.

## Prerequisites
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) **4.x.x or later**
- [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) **3.x.x** (older versions may work)

## Limitations
- Only supports TypeScript **1.7 or later**

## Setup
First, install this package:
```
npm install enlight/ibsforts --save-dev
```
Next, ensure that the `typescript` module can be imported/required by `ibsforts`, the easiest way
to do this is to install the `typescript` module in the same `node_modules` directory as `ibsforts`.

## License
MIT

Commit message:

Rebuild the project every time the corresponding `tsconfig.json` changes

README.md, after:

# ibsforts
Incremental Build Server for TypeScript with pluggable post-compile transforms.

## Overview
A single build server process can watch multiple TypeScript projects for changes and recompile
only the source files that change. The build server also allows users to provide their own
post-compile transform functions that are applied to the output from the TypeScript compiler
before it's written out to disk. For example, if your TypeScript project targets the NodeJS
runtime you could configure TypeScript to emit ES6 and then provide a transform function that
runs Babel to convert ES6 constructs that aren't yet supported by NodeJS to ES5.

## Prerequisites
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) **4.x.x or later**
- [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) **3.x.x** (older versions may work)

## Current Limitations
- Only supports TypeScript **1.7 or later**
- File globs in the `tsconfig.json` are not supported.
- All source files must be explicitely referenced in the `tsconfig.json`.

## Setup
First, install this package:
```
npm install enlight/ibsforts --save-dev
```
Next, ensure that the `typescript` module can be imported/required by `ibsforts`, the easiest way
to do this is to install the `typescript` module in the same `node_modules` directory as `ibsforts`.

## License
MIT
